# Eldor Realms Development

Eldor Realms is a project who pretends to develop a MMORPG server based on Tibia. This project haven't any prediction of release date, once that its a particular and free time project. Also, the main page of this project on github will be used to describe the ideas and goals of this project.

## Eldor Realms Goals

The main goal of Eldor Realms is to offer a medieval MMORPG server, where players will be able to fight for his goals while develop his characters. It will be a low rates server, with four diferent races that you'll be able to chose and where you will have to fight hard to progress and get strong. There will be a lot of quests and mysteries to be solved, and each action or choice you'll make will influence directly on your game playing. Also, there will be a lot of diferent systems that you'll have to learn and master, and this will help you during your journey throught Eldara's lands.

## Eldor Realms Lore

Ashes are all over the skies, the seas and the rivers carry the blood of battles, and the forests slowly disappear and give space for progress. It all started with a thunder, bringing form to the more immediate desires of Eldor, the creator of the universe. A full but empty land where the angry and uncontrolled seas meet the sharp rocks, and nothing else hangs over them but four of the most beautiful creatures that have ever inhabited this slice of the universe. It was then that Haziel, the first of the four angels, began to change this scenario. Through his poetry, Haziel separated the seas from the rocks, giving shape to the plains and their vegetation. Linryel, the second of the angels, through his poetry, formed the forests and rivers that spreads through Eldara. Inspired by his brothers, Darburiel, the third of the angels, lifted mountains and excavated caves and tunnels with his poetry. Balriel, the fourth of the angels, formed and filled with life all the animals and beasts that inhabit the lands of Eldara. And this was the first Act of Eldara, known as the creation of Eldara.

Satisfied with the creation of his angels, Eldor, the creator of the universe, charged each of them with the mission of creating and giving life to beings capable of carrying the wisdom and intelligence of their creators. And so did Haziel, the first of the angels, giving life to the beings he called humans, and they inhabited his plains. So did the other angels. Linryel created and gave life to the elves, who came to inhabit the vast forests of Eldara. Darburiel, in turn, gave life to creatures of inferior stature to those of his brothers, called them Dwarves, and they proceeded to inhabit the higher mountains and deeper caves. Finally, Balriel, the fourth of the angels, was responsible for the creation of the so-called Orcs, who would inhabit the surroundings of the mountains and forests of Eldara. And this was the second Act of Eldara, known as the rise of life in Eldara.

Eldor was impressed by the beauty and perfection of the elves created by Linryel, and decided that old age should never hit them, and they would never die from natural causes. Balriel, feeling himself affronted by Eldor, became against Linryel, and driven by his greed, Balriel used his forces to corrupt his creation and all the animals and beasts that inhabited the lands of Eldara, instigating evil desires of death and power, in order to prove that his beings were the wisest and strongest walking upon Eldara. From there, a huge war by Balriel against Linryel's criations was declared. Seeing that his creation was in peril, and fearing that the pure blood of his creatures would be shed, Linryel destitute himself of his celestial station, descending the lands of Eldara, to protect his creation from the evil creatures that went to meet them. Balriel, moved by his immense jealousy, took advantage of this to mortally injure Linryel, breaking the most primordial rule of Eldor, rule that prevented the angels from interfering in the lives of each other as well as of their creatures. Seeing what Balriel had just done, Eldor has deposed Balriel from his heavenly position, arresting him to the depths of Eldara, from where he could never again see the light of the sun. Many lives were saved at that time, but Linryel, the second of the angels was gone forever. And this was the third Act of Eldara, known as the fall of Balriel.

Many years have passed, and peace was already becoming routine on the lands of Eldara when everything began to change subtly. It was on a day like any other that a very brave adventurer, who was venturing into the caves of Eldara began to hear voices in his head. Like every good explorer, driven by his curiosity, he began to follow the voices he heard, going deeper and deeper into these caves. When he reached the bottom of the cave, he came upon a very strange form, something like a dense smoke, with two dark red eyes, which seemed to be alive. And this strange smoke was one of many forms of the now-called Balritan, who began to talk and corrupt the mind of the adventurer, founding a way to spread his ideals all over the world. Years passed and more and more beings were being corrupted by the promises of strength and power of Balritan, starting what would be a trigger for the great wars that stain the soil and pollute the waters of Eldara, that now is divided among the worshipers of Eldor and the servants of Balritan. Which one will you be?
